Update Cloud Run and Functions to include profiler (#27780)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/google_cloud_run/_index.md

Set `ENV NODE_OPTIONS="--require dd-trace/init"`. This specifies that the `dd-trace/init` module is required when the Node.js process starts.

#### Profiling

> The profiler is shipped within Datadog tracing libraries. If you are already using APM to collect traces for your application, you can skip installing the library and go directly to enabling the profiler. See [Enabling the Node.js Profiler][5] to add the environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The profiler is shipped within Datadog tracing libraries. If you are already using APM to collect traces for your application, you can skip installing the library and proceed to enabling the profiler. See [Enabling the Node.js Profiler][5] to add the environment variables.
```

Reviewer: "proceed to" is a bit clearer and more professional than "go directly to". Not a huge deal, but I'd recommend updating all the text to follow suit!
